This me writing "Hello world". My name is Josep Lluis Giralt D'Lacoste and I am
a software developer based in Barcelona with a strong DevOps background. I
would say that I prefer the ops side but for sure I love software in general.

I have a feeling that this year will be special, in fact, I think is going to
be amazing. I am optimistic and although I may have said this every year...
what I wished for when I was younger, has now become a reality. Every year is
an amazing one. I will never give up, and this year, again, I would like to
push my dreams even further. I have been wanting to start a blog for ages now,
but as the title says and to quote one of my best friends, I am fractal. What
does this mean? It means that I tend to think about several things at the same
time. I lose focus easily and it's hard to be interested in what other people
are saying. Depending on the context this could be misunderstood and perceived
as a negative. I think it can be both positive and negative and, like
everything, it has trade-offs. The lack of interest for sure is going to be
painful for both of us because it makes communication even more complicated.
But if I am engaged, I'm quick, smart and funny. I don't want to stop being
fractal; I want to embrace it and get the best of it. Optimistic resolution

To achieve this, I have a resolution for this year that I think will add
structure to my life, allow me to perform better and of course be happier by
being able to live the moment thanks to improved focus. This consists of
finishing everything that I start. This might sound silly to you, but I think
that nowadays it is easy to get demotivated. I want to remove any distractions,
plan better by being more realistic, do more exercise, have a healthier life
and be more organised in general.

A few years ago I started trying to be more Methodist by using Evernote to
plan the following day before going to sleep. This made me more productive in
the short term, but because of my optimism, I ended up with giant lists due to
carrying unfinished tasks from one day to the next. This ended in frustration
and laziness. The bigger is the todo list, the less you will do (unless it's
full of small deliverables that is).

So the objective for this year is to be able to finish my todo lists. This will
reduce the noise, and allow me to focus on less stuff. Instead of trying to do
several things at the same time, I will choose to only concentrate on one task
until it is finished. For example, a month ago I was doing the Azure
administrator course, reading Terraform up and running as well as doing The
Advent of Code, all at the same time... This year, however, I will not start
the course until the book is finished and so on.

I just wanted to start this process and I hope you enjoyed reading about it. I
will be doing a lot more writing because I want to get better. I will also
track my achievements and maybe post them here.

Everything good in life gets better and better after each iteration. Method,
determination, passion and love is the only way forward.
